{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14100\viewh14660\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
##2020 State of Fragility List\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 fragile_2020_all <- c("Yemen", "South Sudan", "Central African Rep.", "Dem. Rep. of the Congo", "Syrian Arab Rep.", "Chad", "Afghanistan", "Haiti", "Burundi", "Iraq", "Sudan", "Congo", "Mali", "Venezuela", "Zimbabwe", "Equatorial Guinea", "Libya", "Cameroon", "Uganda", "Dem. People\'92s Rep. of Korea", "Pakistan", "Eritrea", "Nigeria", "Mozambique", "Madagascar", "Kenya", "Ethiopia", "Guinea-Bissau", "Guinea", "Bangladesh", "Papua New Guinea", "Mauritania", "Honduras", "Liberia", "West Bank and Gaza Strip", "Nicaragua", "Guatemala", "Zambia", "Comoros", "Nigeria", "Tajikistan", "Sierra Leone", "Lao People\'92s Dem Rep.", "Angola", "Burkina Faso", "Eswatini", "Lesotho", "Togo", "Tanzania", "Myanmar", "C\'f4te d\'92Ivoire", "Solomon Islands", "Iran", "Djibouti", "Cambodia", "Gambia")\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
##2020 State of Fragility List converted to ISO 3166-1 alpha-3 country codes\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 fragile_2020_iso_all <- c("YEM", "SSD", "CAF", "COD", "SYR", "TCD", "AFG", "HTI", "BDI", "IRQ", "SDN", "COG", "MLI", "VEN", "ZWE", "GNQ", "LBY", "CMR", "UGA", "PRK", "PAK", "ERI", "NGA", "MOZ", "MDG", "KEN", "ETH", "GNB", "GIN", "BGD", "PNG", "MRT", "HND", "LBR", "PSE", "NIC", "GTM", "ZMB", "COM", "NGA", "TJK", "SLE", "LAO", "AGO", "BFA", "SWZ", "LSO", "TGO", "TZA", "MMR", "CIV", "SLB", "IRN", "DJI", "KHM", "GMB")\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
##Extremely fragile\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 fragile_2020_extreme <- c("Yemen", "South Sudan", "Central African Rep.", "Dem. Rep. of the Congo", "Syrian Arab Rep.", "Chad", "Afghanistan", "Haiti", "Burundi", "Iraq", "Sudan", "Congo", "Mali")\
\
fragile_2020_iso_extreme <- c("YEM", "SSD", "CAF", "COD", "SYR", "TCD", "AFG", "HTI", "BDI", "IRQ", "SDN", "COG", "MLI")\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
##Not extremely fragile\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 fragile_2020_notextreme <- c("Venezuela", "Zimbabwe", "Equatorial Guinea", "Libya", "Cameroon", "Uganda", "Dem. People\'92s Rep. of Korea", "Pakistan", "Eritrea", "Nigeria", "Mozambique", "Madagascar", "Kenya", "Ethiopia", "Guinea-Bissau", "Guinea", "Bangladesh", "Papua New Guinea", "Mauritania", "Honduras", "Liberia", "West Bank and Gaza Strip", "Nicaragua", "Guatemala", "Zambia", "Comoros", "Nigeria", "Tajikistan", "Sierra Leone", "Lao People\'92s Dem Rep.", "Angola", "Burkina Faso", "Eswatini", "Lesotho", "Togo", "Tanzania", "Myanmar", "C\'f4te d\'92Ivoire", "Solomon Islands", "Iran", "Djibouti", "Cambodia", "Gambia")\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 fragile_2020_iso_notextreme <- c("VEN", "ZWE", "GNQ", "LBY", "CMR", "UGA", "PRK", "PAK", "ERI", "NGA", "MOZ", "MDG", "KEN", "ETH", "GNB", "GIN", "BGD", "PNG", "MRT", "HND", "LBR", "PSE", "NIC", "GTM", "ZMB", "COM", "NGA", "TJK", "SLE", "LAO", "AGO", "BFA", "SWZ", "LSO", "TGO", "TZA", "MMR", "CIV", "SLB", "IRN", "DJI", "KHM", "GMB")\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\
\
\
\
}