{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13840\viewh14660\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
##2022 State of Fragility list\
fragile_2022_all <- c("Somalia", "South Sudan", "Afghanistan", "Yemen", "Central African Rep.", "Dem. Rep. of the Congo", "Chad", "Syrian Arab Rep.", "Congo", "Haiti", "Burundi", "Sudan", "Eritrea", "Iraq", "Equatorial Guinea", "Libya", "Angola", "Cameroon", "Niger", "Mali", "Liberia", "Madagascar", "Uganda", "Mozambique", "Guinea", "Nigeria", "Papua New Guinea", "Myanmar", "Guinea-Bissau", "Zambia", "Comoros", "Mauritania", "Timor-Leste", "Zimbabwe", "Burkina Faso", "Ethiopia", "Tajikistan", "Bangladesh", "Pakistan", "Sierra Leone", "Cambodia", "C\'f4te d'Ivoire", "Venezuela", "Solomon Islands", "Djibouti", "Eswatini", "Turkmenistan", "Lao People\'92s Dem. Rep.", "Guatemala", "Tanzania", "Kenya", "Togo", "Nicaragua", "Benin", "Dem. People\'92s Rep. of Korea", "Lesotho", "Gambia", "West Bank and Gaza Strip", "Iran")\
\
##2022 State of Fragility List converted to ISO 3166-1 alpha-3 country codes\
fragile_2022_iso_all <- c("SOM", "SSD", "AFG", "YEM", "CAF", "COD", "TCD", "SYR", "COG", "HTI", "BDI", "SDN", "ERI", "IRQ", "GNQ", "LBY", "AGO", "CMR", "NER", "MLI", "LBR", "MDG", "UGA", "MOZ", "GIN", "NGA", "PNG", "MMR", "GNB", "ZMB", "COM", "MRT", "TLS", "ZWE", "BFA", "ETH", "TJK", "BGD", "PAK", "SLE", "KHM", "CIV", "VEN", "SLB", "DJI", "SWZ", "TKM", "LAO", "GTM", "TZA", "KEN", "TGO", "NIC", "BEN", "PRK", "LSO", "GMB", "PSE", "IRN")\
\
##Countries OECD classified as extremely fragile\
fragile_2022_extreme <- c(\'93Somalia", "South Sudan", "Afghanistan", "Yemen", "Central African Rep.", "Dem. Rep. of the Congo", "Chad", "Syrian Arab Rep.",  \'93Congo\'94, \'93Haiti\'94, \'93Burundi\'94, "Sudan", "Eritrea", "Iraq", "Equatorial Guinea")\
\
##ISO codes for countries OECD classified as extremely fragile\
fragile_2022_iso_extreme <- c("SOM", "SSD", "AFG", "YEM", "CAF", "COD", "TCD", "SYR", "COG", "HTI", "BDI", "SDN", "ERI", "IRQ", "GNQ")\
\
##Countries on fragility list not classified as fragile\
fragile_2022_notextreme <- c("Libya", "Angola", "Cameroon", "Niger", "Mali", "Liberia", "Madagascar", "Uganda", "Mozambique", "Guinea", "Nigeria", "Papua New Guinea", "Myanmar", "Guinea-Bissau", "Zambia", "Comoros", "Mauritania", "Timor-Leste", "Zimbabwe", "Burkina Faso", "Ethiopia", "Tajikistan", "Bangladesh", "Pakistan", "Sierra Leone", "Cambodia", "C\'f4te d'Ivoire", "Venezuela", "Solomon Islands", "Djibouti", "Eswatini", "Turkmenistan", "Lao People\'92s Dem. Rep.", "Guatemala", "Tanzania", "Kenya", "Togo", "Nicaragua", "Benin", "Dem. People\'92s Rep. of Korea", "Lesotho", "Gambia", "West Bank and Gaza Strip", "Iran")\
\
##ISO Codes for countries on fragility list not classified as fragile\
fragile_2022_iso_notextreme <- c("LBY", "AGO", "CMR", "NER", "MLI", "LBR", "MDG", "UGA", "MOZ", "GIN", "NGA", "PNG", "MMR", "GNB", "ZMB", "COM", "MRT", "TLS", "ZWE", "BFA", "ETH", "TJK", "BGD", "PAK", "SLE", "KHM", "CIV", "VEN", "SLB", "DJI", "SWZ", "TKM", "LAO", "GTM", "TZA", "KEN", "TGO", "NIC", "BEN", "PRK", "LSO", "GMB", "PSE", "IRN")\
\
\
\
\
\
}